.de EX          \"Begin example
.ne 5
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
.nf
.in +.5i
..
.de EE
.fi
.in -.5i
.if n .sp 1
.if t .sp .5
..
.TH robohdrs "1" "August 2003" "robohdrs 0.01"
.SH NAME
robohdrs \- insert ROBODoc headers to source code.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B robohdrs
.B [options]
<source file>

.SH DESCRIPTION

robohdrs inserts ROBODoc headers to source code files.  This program
processes one source file at the time. Existing ROBODoc headers, if
any, are not checked for. Beware since this may result in double
headers. Current working directory should be the same as where the
source file is located.

By default NAME and SYNOPSIS items are included in the template
header.

.SH OPTIONS

.IP -h
Show brief help on usage and exit.
.IP -i
Specify an extra header item to be included in template header. Repeat
if multiple extra items are desired.
.IP -l
Specify source code language (default C/C++) Supported options are:
fortran, fortran90, script, and tex.
.IP -p
Specify project name for source file header.
.IP -s
Include SOURCE item.
.IP -t
Specify version control tag to be included in the main header.
.IP -x
Specify path to ctags binary which is used.

.SH EXAMPLES

.EX
robohdrs -s -p myproj -i "MODIFICATION HISTORY" -i IDEAS test.c
.EE

Specifies project name myproj and inserts extra items MODIFICATION
HISTORY, IDEAS, and SOURCE to all template headers (excluding source
file header).

.EX
robohdrs -s -p myproj -l script test.tcl
.EE

Insert headers to a Tcl/Tk script.

.SH COPYRIGHT

Copyright \(co 2003 Frans Slothouber and Petteri Kettunen and Jacco van Weert.
.br
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO
warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

.SH SEE ALSO

.BR robodoc(1)



